hi my name's Nick this is my evo 7 I'm
going to show you how to backfire and
shoot some flames out of your car first
you'll need to have a decent and strong
exhaust system had to be has to be
decoded D Cadogan is a straight pipe
from your turbo down to your tip I'm in
my Evo and if you guys using a pixie or
a pixie hand controller or a flash tune
via Evo skin and it all works the same
everyone has a map set up and in a
injection map so what you want to do is
with the injection map is go into the
top row for a pixie that's this and for
the flush Tunis Evo scan and flash Tunis
is the load off is usually down here so
you've got to find the load off and load
on high loads and and low loads so
you're looking for the low low low load
column and now what you want to do is
that sort of the ignition timing you
just want to change the top row and
change it to the most negative number
you can me for the apex c0 and for the
flush tuners will be somewhere around
the negative 15 to 16 depending on what
type of Evo you have any to you now you
want to change all the numbers to a
lower number between 3,000 rpm to 7000
rpm depending on where you want it to
backfire and shoot out flames I've done
between 3000 and 6000 rpm after doing
that you can go back go down to inject
them up and what you do is in the same
cells each block here is a cell in the
same cells that you changed your
injector map to
and one injection map to you're going to
up the fuel towards maximum now for me
it's a Pixies a149 after changing the
fuel Maps higher you'll need to go to
rev an idle what happens is when you
accelerate and take your foot off the
accelerator you've got a fuel cut out so
it stops pumping fuel into the engine
over a specific rev range and so as soon
as when you take your foot off it won't
be pumping fuel and therefore you won't
get you get the pops and things but you
won't get the flames coming out now what
you need to do is you need to change the
fuel cutter to from 1,000 my standard
one was or 1,100 1,200 up to a higher
rev range
I've changed my to a 5,000 but you might
as well change to a six or all the way
up to even seven point now 7600 RPM and
what that will do is as soon as we take
your foot off the accelerator keep
pumping fuel into your engine
now this isn't very economical but it
makes one hell of it this is a map I
found on an Evo farm yep
Omarosa and it's from an flash tune he's
done a square block of ignition cells
there and yet this might work for some
of yous straight-line might work for
someone else so trial what you think is
best also want to put a word of caution
out there this could damage your car and
blow up your engine if you do not know
what you're doing and I don't want to
take any responsibility for it so be
careful and if you don't know what
you're doing I suggest you just don't
touch it at all